# Contributing

1. Create empty package: `npx lerna create @cdk-seed/<package-name>`
1. Prepare package: `npx jsii-config-p ./packages/<package-name>/package.json`

All TypeScript tooling is managed by [`jsii`](https://github.com/aws/jsii) and generated by running `npm build`. There is no need to add or modify TypeScript build configuration (e.g. `tsconfig.json`).

## Documentation

To support others who want to use our distributed constructs, we want to ensure that each package distributed by CDK Seed is well documented.

### README

Each package should contain a `README.md` at its root. We use [Github Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/#GitHub-flavored-markdown) to render the content into HTML. The README should be formatted as follows:

```markdown
# <!--Construct Name -->

<!-- A brief description of what the construct's purpose -->

## Use Cases

<!-- Some examples of when a user may want to utilize this construct -->

## Examples

<!-- Examples of how to use the construct -->

## Requirements

<!-- Expectations of user's VPC configuration, etc -->
```

Code samples can be included alongside text within in markdown files as such:

    <div class="code-example">

    Below is an example of doing something with code!

    </div>

    ```ts
    console.log("Look, I'm doing something!")
    ```

For more UI components, see the [Just the Docs](https://pmarsceill.github.io/just-the-docs/docs/ui-components) documentation.

_NOTE: Just the Docs' examples utilize Kramdown to render its markdown, not Github Flavored Markdown. Being that we use Github Flavored Markdown, shorthand such as `{: .btn }` is not available. Any non-standard markdown should be written as HTML._

### JSDocs

Code documentation is generated automatically from the [JSDoc](https://jsdoc.app/) comment blocks provided within the TypeScript source code. At a minimum, every member of the `props` interface and the exported `Construct` should be annotated with JSDoc information. 

 _NOTE: At time of writing, it appears that only the `@deprecated` tag makes its way from the JSDoc annotations to the rendered markdown. As such, content from other tags (e.g. `@default`) should be duplicated within the textual messaging of the JSDoc description._

## Additional Resources

- [jsii - Getting Started](https://github.com/aws/jsii#getting-started)
- [AWS Construct Library Design Guidelines](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/blob/master/DESIGN_GUIDELINES.md)
